Does the lesion appear white or reddish?
Are the borders of the lesion irregular?
Does the lesion have color variation?
Is the lesion different from surrounding ones?
Does the lesion appear well marginated with a surrounding sclerotic rim?
Is the lesion red and scaly?
Is the lesion individual and targeted?
Does the lesion look similar to solar lentigo, seborrheic keratosis or squamous cell carcinoma?
Is the lesion flesh-colored or translucent with overlying telangiectasias (visible blood vessels)?
Does the papule ulcerate and bleed?
Does the lesion appear on the extremities of the body?
Is the lesion less than or equal to one centimeter in diameter?
Is there any overlying skin discoloration, possibly reddish-brown or tan-pink?
Does the lesion have a "stuck on" verrucous appearance?
Can milia cysts, comedo-like openings, fissures, and ridges be seen in the lesion under a dermatoscope?
Is the lesion flat?
Is the lesion hyperpigmented?
Is the lesion located in sun-exposed areas?
Does the lesion have variable sizes?
Is the lesion erythematous (red)?
Does the lesion present with scales or crust?
Does the lesion show signs of ulceration?
Is there a presence of hyperkeratosis in the lesion?
Is the lesion flat, nodular, or plaque-like?
Does the lesion appear ulcerated?
Does the lesion show patterns of pigment and vascularity?
Does the lesion show irregular borders?
Does the lesion have a diameter greater than 6 mm?
Does the lesion show disordered architecture and atypia of melanocytes?
Is the lesion melanin-rich?
Does the lesion appear as a single entity?
Are there multiple lesions present?
Does the lesion display variegated colors?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Does the lesion have peripheral notches or indentations?
Is the lesion elevated?
Does the lesion ulcerate or display ecthyma, resembling cellulitis?
Are the lesions marked with brownish globules or dots or vascular structures?
Is the skin lesion border smooth or serrated?
Are there different colored tones within the lesion?
Does the lesion look like normal skin color?
Is the lesion colored as red, brown, or purple?
Does the lesion range in color from skin tone to tan or brown?
Is the lesion associated with hypopigmentation?
Are there multiple lesions of different ages present?
Does the lesion appear to be well-encapsulated?
Is the lesion well circumscribed?
Does the lesion have a smooth and regular wall?
Is the lesion characterized by telangiectasia?
Are the lesions scaly, dry, sharply defined and round?
Does the lesion appear as lighter patches of skin?
Is the lesion targeted towards a specific area or is it widespread?
Is the lesion symmetrical?
Is the lesion nodular in appearance?
Is there central crusting present in the lesion?
Does the lesion appear similar to multiple lesions?
Does the lesion have a prominent vascular pattern?
Does the lesion present a keratotic texture?
Does the lesi