Does the lesion show signs of ulceration of the mucosa of the skin?
Does the lesion resemble the formation of a horn?
Does the skin lesion lack pigmentation?
Does the lesion look like a wart?
Is the surface of the lesion smooth or does it have scales?
Does the lesion have irregular margins?
Is the lesion symmetrically or asymmetrically distributed?
Is the lesion solitary or part of a larger cluster?
Is the lesion single or multiple?
Is the lesion small and firm?
Is the lesion flat?
Is the lesion pigmented?
Is the structure of the lesion homogenous when examined under a dermatoscope?
Does the lesion present as a thick, scaly, or crusty skin area?
Is the lesion light, white, or pale in color, with surrounding areas of hyperpigmentation?
Does the lesion show notable redness around it?
Is the lesion shiny and pearly?
Does the lesion present as a raised area with ulceration?
Are there small blood vessels running over the skin lesion?
Is the lesion dark brown and fixed?
Is the lesion blue due to the pigment being deep in the skin?
Is the lesion asymmetric?
Does the lesion have irregular borders?
Does the lesion vary in color?
Does the lesion appear to be hypopigmented or depigmented?
Is there hair on the lesion?
Does the lesion have a "stuck on" appearance?
Is the lesion darkly pigmented?
Does the lesion appear to have a scaling appearance?
Is the lesion larger than 1.5mm in diameter?
Is there any irregularity in the pigmentation of the lesion?
Are the lesions hyperpigmented?
Does the skin lesion have varying color patterns?
Does the lesion show signs of irregular growth?
Is the lesion present on sun-damaged skin?
Is the lesion discrete, circular or oval and does it appear to scale?
Does the lesion lose pigmentation in the center?
Does the lesion have areas of increased skin pigment?
Is the lesion multicolored or colorless?
Is the lesion characterized by the presence of pale patchy areas?
Is the lesion similar in color to the skin and has small black dots on the surface?
Does the lesion show signs of scaling?
Does the lesion appear ulcerated?
Does the skin lesion have an irregular shape or margin?
Is the lesion greater than 6mm in diameter?
Is the lesion elevated, or has a slightly raised red margin?
Is the lesion's color uniform?
Are the skin lesions round, oval patches or thin plaques?
Is the lesion well-encapsulated and demarcated from surrounding skin?
Does the lesion have a flesh color?
Does the skin lesion resemble an intradermal nevus?
Is the lesion larger than average size (several cm in diameter)?
Is the lesion ulcer Like with ragged, thickened mucosal pattern?
Are there multiple lesions in the same area of the skin?
Is the lesion round to oval in shape?
Is the lesion flat or sessile in nature?
Is the lesion a single or multiple appearance?
Are multiple skin lesions grouped together?
Are there visible nodule formations on the skin?
Is the skin lesion characterized by clean edges and a clear base?
Does the lesion have a purplish hue?
Is the lesion superficial, such as skin nodules or palpable lymph nodes?
Is the lesion dark or blackish in appearance?
Is the skin lesion potentially cancerous?
Does the lesion show homogenous color under a dermatoscope?
Does the lesion appear dry and crusty?
Does the lesion have a sharp border?
Does the lesion present a purple-colored area?
Is the lesion associated with a change in texture, appearing as domed or glistening papules?
Does the lesion texture look like hyperkeratosis?
Is the lesion shiny?
Is the lesion smooth?
Is the lesion flat-topped?
Is the lesion round?
Is the lesion re